Update to v0.3.0 (#33)
p2pcommons/specs: module.md

<!-- + I am being non-specific about Dat protocol requirements to
allow for flexibility down the line? I mean, I -->

## Files

All files in a module MUST be of an [open file format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_open_formats); these file formats can be used and implemented by anyone. Wikipedia and Wikidata SHOULD be considered the authority in determining what file formats are considered open.

In case of text based files, we RECOMMEND Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) files. In case of multiple versions of the same text file, the HTML version SHOULD be preferred as the main file.

> In order to remain self-contained, all files SHOULD reference information from valid relative paths within the module itself as much as possible. Absolute filepaths MUST NOT be used to load information.

Reviewer: I'm wondering whether the _SHOULD be relative_ and _MUST NOT be absolute_ make sense in combination. What is the reason for not saying _MUST be relative_? What is not relative, but also not absolute that requires that one is a SHOULD and the other a MUST NOT?

And what about URLs? It might be an idea to explicitly allow those for external references, but not for "inline" use?

Author: URLs are not filepaths so they can be used without impeding on the specification in this. 

I think the reason I use SHOULD instead of MUST here is because of the "as much as possible" qualification; mandating a judgment call is difficult. This also means that content should be loaded from the module instead of a URL as much as possible, but we cannot mandate it because that would force users to input files into a module that they might not have the copyright over. URLs are permitted in this spec as a result. 

In that sense the alternative
```suggestion
In order to remain self-contained, all files MUST reference information from valid relative paths within the module itself as much as possible.
```
would force modules to be 100% self-contained and without any URL links.

There is a negative MUST because we do know we do not want absolute file paths, that would immediately break upon replication by any other device.

Reviewer: Gotcha. Then how about:

```suggestion
In order to remain self-contained, all references to local files MUST be valid relative paths to files within the module itself. Files MAY reference URLs. It is RECOMMENDED to use references to local files instead of URLs as much as possible.
```

Author: I think the proposal works in formulating, except that I would propose this
```suggestion
In order to remain self-contained, all references to local files SHOULD be valid relative file paths within the module itself. Files MAY reference URIs. It is RECOMMENDED to use references to module files instead of URIs as much as possible.
```

# Replace MUST with SHOULD

I think using a SHOULD might be better (i.e., throwing a warning), which would allow people to check whether it is possible to replace it. Here are some scenario's to explain my thinking and why the MUST might be an issue.

## Example 1

This module has an HTML file that contains the following

```html
<head>
  <body>
    <img src='./assets/fig1.png' alt='awesome figure' />
  </body>
</head>
```

as a result it is a valid module under the proposed adjustment 👍 

## Example 2

The module has an R code file that contains this code

```R
# setwd('/home/users/chris/documents/project/data')
setwd('./data')

dat <- read.csv(...)
```

Technically, there is now no absolute file path in the evaluated code, but there is one in the commented part. Is this now up to the proposed spec or not?

If we argue, "well it's a comment so it is valid", then I ask: How do we reliably differentiate between them? Do we parse all files per type and understand what are comments and what are not, which would allow us to understand what is and isn't a comment to determine it is up to spec? 

Let's say we do, then there's example 3.

## Example 3

The module contains an HTML file that reads as follows

```html
<head>
  <body>
    <p>For example specified in the /home/users directory (e.g., /home/users/chris/documents/file)</p>
  </body>
</head>
```

This now has a reference to an absolute location, but this is not a load. The proposal would now say this makes the module *not* up to spec. But this is only a verbatim reference, and I think we do not want to impede on what people are writing with our spec.

# Replacing URL with URI

I just noticed we use [Uniform Resource Locator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/URL), which is technically a [Uniform Resource Identifier](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier). This allows also `ftp://` etc.

Reviewer: I agree with the SHOULD, but then I think we should add something that blocks users from loading external resources.
```suggestion
In order to remain self-contained, all references to local files SHOULD be valid relative file paths within the module itself. Files MUST NOT attempt to load data located outside the module. Files MAY reference URLs. It is RECOMMENDED to use references to module files instead of URLs as much as possible.
```
And actually I think URL is correct here: https://dev.to/flippedcoding/what-is-the-difference-between-a-uri-and-a-url-4455
`ftp://blablabla.com/` is an URL, as is `mailto:bob@home.com`. It feels to me like we're talking about file locations, rather than identifiers, so we should use URL.

Author: You're right, it is a URL after all 💯 

This seems contradictory
> Files MUST NOT attempt to load data located outside the module. Files MAY reference URLs.

Does this not disallow loading from URLs too? Or do you only mean local files? This seems implied by the "within the module itself" part, but doesn't hurt explicating.

Reviewer: It does disallow loading from URLs. I think URLs should be included as links / reference only, never required to be able to view the module's content itself. I.e., don't load external images, videos, scripts, etc., but a reference to an external article is fine.
```suggestion
In order to remain self-contained, all references to local files SHOULD be valid relative file paths within the module itself. Files MAY reference URLs. However, files MUST NOT attempt to load data located outside the module. It is RECOMMENDED to use references to module files instead of URLs as much as possible.
```

Author: ```suggestion
In order to remain self-contained, all references to local files SHOULD be valid relative file paths within the module itself. Files MAY reference URLs. It is RECOMMENDED to use references to module files instead of URLs as much as possible.
```

The second- and third-order effects of disallowing loads are too big to make that responsible.

I wonder how we would be able to disambiguate between loads and non-loads because it would require us to evaluate the code. This not only applies to HTML files, but also to scripts of all kinds of languages. This would produce a lot of overhead for any implementation.

There are multiple scenario's that would make a lot of sense to load data too, and they mostly revolve around loading files that the module needs but the author does not have rights to redistribute under CC0, for example:

* Existing data is loaded as part of a code script, but the user is not allowed to directly redistribute it. This would not be possible if loads are disallowed.
* MathJax loaded in HTML file, needed to display equations, but is not allowed to be redistributed under CC0). 

I agree that the module should be self-contained, which is why the recommendation is included and we can make checks for verification. I think it's important for us to [minimise link/reference rot](https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0115253), and I think it's also important for us not to overreach in practical use. There are other ways in implementation, that we can make this less of an issue too (e.g., think about a [perma.cc](https://perma.cc) integration into Hypergraph).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to remain self-contained, all references to local files SHOULD be valid relative file paths within the module itself. Files MAY reference URLs. It is RECOMMENDED to use references to module files instead of URLs as much as possible. Where URLs cannot be avoided, it is RECOMMENDED to use [persistent URLs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persistent_uniform_resource_locator) as much as possible.
```

  "url": "hyper://00a4f2f18bb6cb4e9ba7c2c047c8560d34047457500e415d535de0526c6b4f23",
  "links": {
     "license": [{"href": "https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode"}],

>      "spec": [{"href": "https://p2pcommons/specs/module/0.0.0"}]

Reviewer 2: nice catch!
